George Washington was the first President of the United States.
John Adams was the second President of the United States and served as George Washington's Vice President.
Thomas Jefferson, the third President, authored the Declaration of Independence.
James Madison, the fourth President, is known as the "Father of the Constitution."
James Monroe, the fifth President, established the Monroe Doctrine to oppose European colonialism in the Americas.
John Quincy Adams, son of John Adams, became the sixth President.
Andrew Jackson, the seventh President, founded the Democratic Party.
Martin Van Buren, the eighth President, was a key organizer of the Democratic Party.
William Henry Harrison, the ninth President, had the shortest presidency, dying 31 days after taking office.
John Tyler, the tenth President, was the first Vice President to become President due to the death of his predecessor.
Abraham Lincoln, the sixteenth President, led the nation through the Civil War and abolished slavery.
Andrew Johnson succeeded Lincoln and was the first President to be impeached.
Ulysses S. Grant, the eighteenth President, was a Union general during the Civil War.
Theodore Roosevelt, the twenty-sixth President, was known for his progressive policies and conservation efforts.
Franklin D. Roosevelt, the thirty-second President, led the U.S. during the Great Depression and World War II.
Harry S. Truman, who succeeded FDR, authorized the use of atomic bombs on Japan.
John F. Kennedy, the thirty-fifth President, was the youngest elected President and faced the Cuban Missile Crisis.
Lyndon B. Johnson succeeded Kennedy and signed the Civil Rights Act into law.
Richard Nixon, the thirty-seventh President, resigned due to the Watergate scandal.
Gerald Ford, who succeeded Nixon, was the only President never elected as Vice President or President.
Jimmy Carter, the thirty-ninth President, was awarded the Nobel Peace Prize after his presidency.
Ronald Reagan, the fortieth President, was a former actor and Governor of California.
George H. W. Bush, the forty-first President, led the U.S. during the Gulf War.
Bill Clinton, the forty-second President, was impeached by the House but acquitted by the Senate.
George W. Bush, son of George H. W. Bush, became the forty-third President.
Barack Obama, the forty-fourth President, was the first African American President of the United States.
Donald Trump, the forty-fifth President, was a businessman and television personality before his presidency.
Joe Biden, the forty-sixth President, served as Vice President under Barack Obama.